  A heart flow analysis is performed on a standard coronary CT angiogram(造影) acquired following SCCT (国际心血管CT协会)guidelines. no additional medication radiation or special procedures are required at the time of the CT scan. 
  The scan is simply uploaded through a standard DICOM transfer to heart flow secure cloud for analysis.
  at heartflow, computation of coronary blood flow from CT involves three steps. first constructing a patient specific anatomic model of the coronary arteries second specifying patient specific Physiology conditions during maximal hyperemia and third, computing the blood flow by performing a numerical solution of the laws of physics governing fluid dynamics
   heartflow’s coronary segmentation algorithms model arterial lumen(管腔) boundaries down to approximately one millimeter in diameter, successive generations of algorithms are trained using data collected in multiple clinical trials and by edits made by trained heart flow analysts. 
  the result is a validated process for interpreting CT data and modeling lumen boundaries. Assessmented(评估) by CTA is the most reliable non-invasive test for excluding coronary artery disease.
   however the degree of stenosis(狭窄) alone cannot determine the functional significance of a coronary narrowing even heartflows high-fidelity(高保真) anatomic reference models are insufficient（不够） without Physiology. heartflows physiological model is based on established scientific principles including one, total demand for blood can be quantified by the myocardial(心肌) Mass(质量). Two, demand for blood of individual myocardial perfusion territories(心肌灌注区) at rest can be derived from the size of the feeding vessel(供血血管). Three, maximal hyperemia can be simulated based on how micro circulation is known to predictably respond to adenosine. computation of coronary flow and pressure is based on the governing equations of fluid dynamics already in use by other industries for many years. millions of partial differential equations are solved simultaneously over many iterations, the result is a three dimensional pressure map of the coronary tree, fractional flow reserve mathematically derived from CT or FFR-CT is the ratio of the pressure in the coronary artery past the stenosis to the pressure in the aorta(主动脉), the heart flow analysis is delivered back to clinicians as a PDF document compatible with health record systems by combining anatomy physiology and computational fluid dynamics. heartflow aids clinicians in non-invasively determining the functional significance of coronary stenosis and in differentiating between those stenosis which do and do not obstruct blood flow


